I think all of the Buddhists, by the way, the Buddhists, they do this. Before they do the teaching,
they always do a lot of personal invocation prayers.
That actually also happens, for example, when you read the history of Buddhism after Buddhism, a
marker in Nirvana,
and that next summer, first time they have a conference, or a conference, right?
A house council, the first council that happened there, and five hundred rahatas collected five
hundred rahatas,
the first row, and folded in four times, and piled up, and above that, Anand said in thinking of
the Buddhists,
the Buddhists, the gracious kindness, and the thinking of the woman, and then he gathered all the
separate teachings.
Then, similarly, next, again, that second Upadhi state, or in the biblical New York, sit on that
same throne,
and then, again, thinking of the Buddha as gracious, and kindness, and wisdom, and conversation,
and then he gathered all the Vinaya teachings.
And then, with that finished, then, who is the first Baptist, or the first religion, the Haka Shaka
, sat on that throne,
and did that prayer, again thinking of the Buddha, and did this. So, this is the continual line of
all those teachings.
All the teachers, when intubated Buddhism left, when they gave the teaching, they joined.
All the prayers, thinking of the gracious kindness, and the wisdom of those, all the great masters
passed,
and then, particularly, those who were at home, they received the teachings, and nourished,
and grew up both spiritually, whatever they do, whatever they know, those comes from the teachers,
remembering of the teachers,
and so, that's what they do previously, that's what the Kṛṣṇa body does, and then I pray,
and then end of those prayers, Protestant, some more personal kind of organics, prayers, prayers,
and then,
in the teachings, say, generally, always, this is the teaching, say, the Buddha teaching is not
just kind of like perfect teachings,
teachings on the nature of every living, it is a teaching on the compassion, teaching on the wisdom
,
teaching on the economic or the equality, and balance, therefore, there is nothing to really hide,
there is nothing in the spirit, or nothing in the Lord, we all share the same thing, and we like to
explore in the nature.
So, therefore, in the Buddha's teachings, the Buddha himself said that, when you give the teaching,
or whoever gives the teaching, you should also remind everyone to come and join, who would like to
receive the teaching.
So, this is Paul's prayer, he said that, if the pray toward the universal fold, wherever the
disciple of the Buddha,
and whoever would like to receive the teaching, or like to kind of remind and inspire each of you,
come here to be, and be joined with us, whoever would like to come, and there is prayer, so that I
do that prayer,
and then, again, this is not just art, that's just, everybody, and then, in the teachings, again,
teaching is not necessarily one language, so there is, again, prayer.
He said, now I do the teachings in the language of gods, Nagas, Asuras, Gandharvas, and all the
other languages,
every language, so please come, whoever like to reconnect with the teaching, as teaching.
So, those, I do pray, praise, and those are the, those are what I pray.
And then I will tell some stories, stories, again, even though he does, he's getting mad, but I
will tell stories.
When I was young, and I was, in Tibet, my father is, I always go with father to do ceremony,
Ken would already went to the, to the Gautamana stage, so I was always go with father to do the
ceremony in Tibet, Tibet.
So then, there is a self in Gautamana stage, there is true Nadiya, I mean, there's quite a few Nadi
ya ceremony,
but very big one, it's called Tukhichamu, Nondesamu ceremony.
It's a practice on Awalokrishyota.
This, it is discovered by the Satsang Mumbai. It's a big teaching, great competition practice,
and that will dominate about Satsang and Ravan. That's the title of this teaching.
So, this is a non-stop teaching for 24 hours and 7 days a week. It is a jukti.
And then, of course, then they will post in the night, during the day, not every, everyone yawned.
By the nighttime, then perhaps they divide it. So this, not everybody have to go, but some, they
divide it,
and then they will, they pick up the, whoever had the first rotation, they pick up the intubate,
they pick up the grass, sometimes they pull the grass, and sometimes they roll the paper,
and then that guru, each guru, divide it, and then go and yawn.
So, those who are young ones, minetans, they yawn, but they don't really, kind of, do it practice
at nighttime,
there's not minet, not that, that cheetah, that monitors, also not really, always there.
So, there's a lot, kind of, like, naughty things. Like, Kiribati has a lot of stories.
Kiribati himself, he is a little bit, I think, more stronger. And I'm not like that.
I was being, like, always say, what's called, like, shy and intimidating, I think.
Anyway, I was, so, I don't have a lot of those, of a guru's story, if I have to tell, really, that.
But anyway, when I was young, young, and I would go and sleep with father,
and every morning, morning, in the go-to monaster, I think that every monaster, I think, does.
But first, they blow the conch shell. Conch shell, triple will blow the conch shell.
Post-conch shell, second conch shell, and then, so they will stop at least, maybe, 10 minutes, 15
minutes.
And that, before someone really, they will blow, because in the summertime, there is a longer, a
night is shorter,
so maybe the ladies, in the 4 o'clock morning, before the dog, they blow that.
And so then, the first time, they blow, and second time, they blow, and then, third time, they blow
the trumpet for a long time.
When the trumpet is blowing, father, you say that, dear son, now you must wake up, to me up.
He always, now he must get, oh, look at this, trumpet is blowing, and third conch shell, when they
blow, everybody have to be in the temple.
Everybody have to be in a summer home. So father, you say, dear son, now you must wake up.
Now you must ready to wake up, because they're blowing the trumpet, and when conch shell, carnal
comes, everybody should be in the temple.
Temple? And so, that's what carnal, like, I remember that always, and I like, I like to sleep, I
don't really like to get out.
Father, he said all things, I try to pretend, even I'm more sleeping.
I'm sleeping, trying to, what's called, trying to deliver me, or whatever carnal.
I just pretend I'm not hearing that sleep. And then he woke up, I wake up, and again, I don't want
to get out.
And all those carnal games, I play with father, because I'm not shy, I'm not with him, so.
So the conch shell, when they blow, they blow, but in the conch shell, and the trumpet, most of
them, they blow, they non-stop.
They have to do the breathing.
That's the breathing.
Circle, you have to breathe the circles. So I used to go some different, I don't know.
I'm not going to do it, because you see, you can notice, I'm doing that.
Good ones, really, never see. I mean, this is, of course, I did these things, maybe 35 years ago.
But those food, you can't see, they are circle-y, circle-y, so.
And truthfully, in the many-way amyong, I used to learn with straw, straw, and put that in the
water, in the glass, glass.
So then you blow that, and then you will see, your breathing is really hard, bubbling, hard bub
bling.
So that's my story.
When the trumpet and the conch shell, both they will do like this, circle-y, circle-y, because we
don't really stop.
So then it's warm to them.
Okay, so that reminds the story.